hello Edna hi
Wagner can you see me it's Joanna Lumley
here Oh Edna Sharon how lovely to see
you how are you doing with the lock-in
are you okay melody yeah
shopping done and everything like that
she's she's lush and she's been doing
everything from me and how are you doing
Sharon with your work yeah yeah not Edna
you know during the war you had quite a
career as a wren didn't you not tell me
how old were you when you signed up to
be around or when a rating in now is 18
or it was great I was just so happy to
be doing returns from a country you are
remarkable what was it like working with
all those sailor boys were they nice to
you
[Laughter]
can you remember VE day very clearly
absurd crime what was it like one party
after another nobody did anything that
day it was just a buzz the feeling of
relief that the war was finally over
yes we didn't believe it - to begin with
we went to the office ocean basin yes
it's true then Wallace all right Edna I
understand that although you had medals
use you you didn't collect them no they
don't give you them when you get when
you leave
you've got to ask someone I didn't know
that so you never got them all they're
coming because I won the Royal Legion
Legion
Edna they might be coming sooner than
you think you know I have a funny
feeling there's somebody outside who's
waiting to serenade you charm will you
take your beloved grandma and take her
outside and Edna I'm not gonna see him
again so I'm blowing you kisses till I
see you again in Scotland have you got
my address I'll find it after the show
we won't let everybody know there'll be
a queue around the block
and pleasure darlings oh how
well-deserved
[Music]
was good
good afternoon I'm captain Chris Smith
from the Royal Navy and I've come down
from fries today to present you with
your war medal for service in the United
Kingdom during the Second World War so
I'm just gonna put this on here
[Music]
[Applause]
it's just been so fantastic to make this
work well thank you very much for coming
and you saved me with this and I'll
treasure it
all my life
[Music]
you